omnia inumeris sita sunt.
everything lies in numbers.

FOREWORD

by Faith Javane

MANY OF MY STUDENTS and a number of people who have heard my lectures have expressed a desire for a complete textbook on numerology so that they could study their own life patterns in depth. Until now, I have neglected this responsibility, hoping that my classes would be sufficient. Also, I felt such a project to be beyond possibility. However, pressures have convinced me that a full-length text would be both acceptable and fulfilling.

My study of numerology began in the spring of 1938. I found a teacher of astrology who insisted that before she would accept me as a student, I must study numerology. Since I very much wanted to study with her, I agreed to start with the numbers.

Her approach to numerology, however, was like none other. She had received it in a unique way, from what she called the inner planes, which meant that she went outside her body to a mystical

Foreward school for her instruction. She called this work Kabbalah because it

had come to her through the mind and soul rather than from a flesh-and-blood teacher, or from a book. Kabbalah refers to secret information in symbolic form, whether in a numerical, verbal or hieroglyphic pattern.

The biblical books of Ezekiel, Enoch, and IV Ezra contain mystical revelations of hidden knowledge, including speculation about the mystical import of numbers and letters. The Kabbalist knew how to decode the esoteric messages in the Scriptures.

I admit to some skepticism about my teacher's beliefs, but I went along with her teaching. What she revealed we now call the Divine Triangle. It was known in the Pythagorean school, (about sixth century B.C.) as the Life Theorem, and it is now commonly accepted as the proposition that: The square of the hypotenuse of a right triangle is equal to the sum of the squares of the other two sides. Pythagoras used the right triangle as a representation of the universe; it was his "Eureka."

According to my teacher, the master K.H., whom she believed to be Pythagoras reincarnated, taught her that the right triangle could also be made to symbolize the world of an individual. This startling revelation is the original basis for the method of numerological delineation of the life pattern of an individual described in this book.

In answer to many requests, I now present to you the secret of the Divine Triangle.
